SDK-21: Some core connectors fail to compile because sdk-api classes cannot be found. (#179)
mulesoft/docs-mule-sdk: modules/ROOT/pages/troubleshooting.adoc

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: mule, sdk, troubleshooting, logging, known issue, bug, error, limitations

> To troubleshoot Java SDK, learn how to enable logging and verbose logging, as well as interpret common error messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To troubleshoot Java SDK, learn how to enable logging (including verbose logging) and how to interpret common error messages.
```
